Added REST proxy over existing RPCs (#200)
tektoncd/results: cmd/api/README.md

## Variables

| Environment Variable | Description                | Example                                      |
|----------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| DB_USER              | Postgres Database user     | user                                         |
| DB_PASSWORD          | Postgres Database Password | hunter2                                      |
| DB_HOST              | Postgres Database host     | /cloudsql/my-project:us-east1:tekton-results |
| DB_NAME              | Postgres Database name     | tekton_results                               |
| DB_SSLMODE           | Database SSL mode          | verify-full                                  |
| GRPC_PORT            | gRPC Server Port           | 50051 (default)                              |
| REST_PORT            | REST proxy Port            | 8080  (default)                              |
| PROMETHEUS_PORT      | Prometheus Port            | 9090  (default)                              |

> | TLS_OVERRIDE         | Override TLS SAN name      | results.tekton.dev                           |

Reviewer: Looking at the godoc, this appears to be hostname override, which really should only be used for testing. We should be more descriptive:

```suggestion
| TLS_HOSTNAME_OVERRIDE         | Override the hostname used to serve TLS. This should not be set (or set to the empty string) in production environments.      | results.tekton.dev                           |
```
